# Homework 1

Do the following parts of the homework and please keep track of how long you spent. It is expected to take 6 hours total.

This assignment has two parts that you submit on Canvas, one for screenshots / photos and one for text answers.

Submit your [answers](https://canvas.evergreen.edu/courses/7979/assignments/148268) here.

## Part 1: Watch Battlecode Kickoff

Watch the following videos, taking notes
* the [Battlecode Kickoff video]().

Include at least one drawing that you think will help your classmates learn the Battlecode game. Submit a scan of your notes as an image attachment.

## Part 2: Battlecode Player Tasks

Continue setting up your [Java development environment](https://github.com/TheEvergreenStateCollege/dgp-26wi/blob/main/notes/SoftwareSetup.md).

Create a GitHub account if you don't already have one. Submit your GitHub username on Canvas.

Join and welcome to ask any questions you have in the [Battlecode discord installation channel](https://discord.com/channels/386965718572466197/928341888438796339) or create [a GitHub issue]().

With one or more other classmates (they don't have to be your final team yet), pair program to complete

Copy the `examplefuncsplayer` into a new directory called `week01b`.

Compile and run the codebase with

```
./gradlew build
```

Play a match of `examplefuncsplayer` vs. `week01b` in the client and take a screenshot.

[Register yourself as a user on the Battlecode website.](https://play.battlecode.org/register)

(You don't have to choose a team yet, we'll do that in Week 02).

## Part 3: Readings and Exercises

Read Head First Java (3rd edition) Chapter 1, and do the following exercises.
As you are working, collect at least three questions about Java. or how these concepts will connect with the Battlecode `refplayer`

* p. 15 "Sharpen your pencil"
* p. 16 "Bottle Song"
  - open a new file in VS Code and type it in (we recommend no copying and pasting for now)
  - save it as a file called `BottleSong.java`
  - compile it with `javac BottleSong.java`
  - run it with `java BottleSong`
* p. 20 "Code Magnets"
* p. 24 Pool Puzzle
  
Attempt the answer first on your own, after doing the reading, before checking the answers.

[Attach screenshots of each file in your VSCode to your Canvas assignment submission.]()

